add highcharts as a dependency (#186)
ONSdigital/dp-compose: v2/stacks/legacy-core-web/README.md

- [render a page as HTML](http://localhost:20000/economy)
- [render a page as JSON](http://localhost:20000/economy/data)
- [query zebedee for a pages data](http://localhost:23200/v1/data?uri=/economy)
- [download charts as images](http://localhost:8080/chartimage?uri=/economy/environmentalaccounts/bulletins/ukenvironmentalaccounts/2015-07-09/38d8c337)

> - [embed chart images into pdf downloads](http://localhost:8080/economy/environmentalaccounts/bulletins/ukenvironmentalaccounts/2015-07-09/pdf-new) <sup>*might timeout in 10s if accessed through  the api-router i.e. port 20000</sup>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [embed chart images into pdf downloads](http://localhost:8080/economy/environmentalaccounts/bulletins/ukenvironmentalaccounts/2015-07-09/pdf-new) <sup>*might timeout in 10s if accessed through the dp-frontend-router i.e. port 20000</sup>
```
